So you conclude this section on proxies.
I want to introduce one other notion of proxies or when other kind of proxies we always saw the default
proxy we used all the time but there are also revokable proxies.
Now as to name Saiz revokable proxies can be well rewarded.
That means after you set up such a proxy as a wrapper you can kind of well remove that functionality
.
You can of course not make your code undone but you can make sure that the proxy is no longer active
And I'll show you how this works.
So again my personal object here which is created with literal notation as the name x again and then
again I'll create my handler here real quick and I'll have my Geter which has this function which takes
target property may also take a receiver of course and I'll stick with that.
And then I will simply return refl. get Target property.
Oh I don't have any checks here.
I'm simply forwarding it.
And everything passes.
And yeah I get all the properties I want to get a next I want to trade my proxy and now that's a bit
different here.
I'll use the deconstructions you actually created or create a proxy and a reward function which I can
call.
I do get both from calling proxy revokable so proxy revokable basically returns me an object which has
a proxy and a remote field.
I pass my personal object and of course my handler to that function.
So that is the same as before.
But the important is the revokable part this function call and the fact that I get back and object which
I immediately deconstruct here of course you don't have to do that but yet I chose to.
So with that I can now console Roxette of name and see what happens if I had run C-Max like before were
able to access the field food as proxy.
But now let's see what happens if I invoke it with the revoke function I'm getting back here.
So I call revoke and then I try to log out my name through the proxy.
What do you think will now happen.
Well I get an error that the proxy has been revoked.
So that's a great addition because also in your code you might have the functionality that you want
you.
Well revoke or remove a proxy after a certain U-bend happened or whatever.
And then the revokable proxy is of course the solution for your problem.
It allows you to still wrap your object with a proxy but if you don't need it anymore you can simply
get rid of it and revoke it